TCD-2810: updates API doc (#1944)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/api/api-testing.md

---
id: api-testing
title: API Testing API Endpoints
sidebar_label: API Testing
---

> 

Reviewer: You could also update the reference to "methods" in the description below (on line 10):

"These API _methods_ allow you to interact with Sauce Labs API Testing functionality. You can execute tests, view analytics, retrieve project information, and more."

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>buildId</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>If this execution is associated with a build, the ID of the build should be provided so that all resources can be associated to it.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: could we use "request" instead of "execution" 
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>If this execution is associated with a build, provide the build ID so that all resources can be associated to it.</p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>format</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specified the data format returned. Available values are <code>json</code> and <code>junit</code>. The default value is <code>json</code></p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies the data format returned. Available values are <code>json</code> and <code>junit</code>. The default value is <code>json</code></p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>format</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specified the data format returned. Available values are <code>json</code> and <code>junit</code>. The default value is <code>json</code></p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies the data format returned. Available values are <code>json</code> and <code>junit</code>. The default value is <code>json</code></p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel ID for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy.</strong></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tunnelOwner</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is raccomended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies your tunnel owner for running tests using <strong>Sauce Connect Proxy. It is recommended when using unnamed tunnels.</strong></p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>format</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specified the data format returned. Available values are <code>json</code> and <code>junit</code>. The default value is <code>json</code></p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Specifies the data format returned. Available values are <code>json</code> and <code>junit</code>. The default value is <code>json</code></p></td>
```

  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>id</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| BODY | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>The buildId you want to create/update.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| BODY | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>The buildId you want to create or update.</p></td>
```

<p></p>

Returns the list of builds.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>hookId</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Your project's hook ID, which you can create and/or retrieve from your project's <strong>Webhooks</strong> tab.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>start</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the start date, in <code>YYYY-MM-DD</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td><code>end</code></td>
      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the end date, in <code>YYYY-MM-DD</code> (UTC) format. The default value is current date.</p></td>
      </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>limit</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the number of records to return. The default value is 10 and the max value is 50.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>offset</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of events to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Needs to be used in combination with the limit.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of events to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Must be used in combination with the limit parameter.</p></td>
```

<p></p>

Lists all events in a project.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>hookId</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Your project's hook ID, which you can create and/or retrieve from your project's <strong>Webhooks</strong> tab.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>from</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the start time, in UNIX time milliseconds. The default value is 2 days before.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td><code>to</code></td>
      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the end time, in UNIX time milliseconds. The default value is the current time.</p></td>
      </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>limit</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the number of records to return. The default value is 100 and the max value is 500.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>offset</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of events to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Needs to be used in combination with the limit.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of events to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Must be used in combination with the limit parameter.</p></td>
```

     <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Your project's hook ID, which you can create and/or retrieve from your project's <strong>Webhooks</strong> tab.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>from</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the start time, in UNIX time milliseconds. The default value is 2 days before.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td><code>to</code></td>
      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the end time, in UNIX time milliseconds. The default value is the current time.</p></td>
      </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>limit</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the number of records to return. The default value is 100 and the max value is 500.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>offset</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of events to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Needs to be used in combination with the limit.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of events to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Must be used in combination with the limit parameter.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>failuresOnly</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p><p>Filter the metrics to include only the tests that completed with failure(s).</p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p><p>Filters the metrics to include only the tests that completed with failure(s).</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>footprint</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Filter the metrics based on the footprint.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Filters the metrics based on the footprint.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>buildId</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>If this execution is associated with a build, the ID of the build should be provided so that all resources can be associated to it.</p></td>

Reviewer 2: Not sure if "test run" is correct? 
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>If the test run is associated with a build, provide the build ID so that all resources can be associated to it.</p></td>
```
